AP880212-0001	Reports Former Saigon Officials Released from Re-education Camp BANGKOK, Thailand (AP)      More than 150 former officers of the overthrown South Vietnamese government have been released from a re-education camp after 13 years of detention, the official Vietnam News Agency reported Saturday.    The report from Hanoi, monitored in Bangkok, did not give specific figures, but said those freed Friday included an ex-Cabinet minister, a deputy minister, 10 generals, 115 field-grade officers and 25 chaplains.    It quoted Col. Luu Van Ham, director of the Nam Ha camp south of Hanoi, as saying all 700 former South Vietnamese officials who had been held at the camp now have been released.    They were among 1,014 South Vietnamese who were to be released from re-education camps under an amnesty announced by the Communist government to mark Tet, the lunar new year that begins Feb. 17.    The Vietnam News Agency report said many foreign journalists and a delegation from the Australia-Vietnam Friendship Association attended the Nam Ha release ceremony.    It said Lt. Gen. Nguyen Vinh Nghi, former commander of South Vietnam's Third Army Corps, and Col. Tran Duc Minh, former director of the Army Infantry Officers School, expressed ``gratitude to the government for its humane treatment in spite of the fact that most of them (detainees) had committed heinous crimes against the country and people.''    The prisoners had been held without formal charges or trial since North Vietnam defeated the U.S.-backed South Vietnamese government in April 1975, ending the Vietnam War.    Communist authorities had called the prisoners war criminals and said they had to learn how to become citizens of the new society.    Small numbers had been released occasionally without publicity but the government announced last year that 480 political prisoners would be freed to mark National Day on Sept. 2.    On Thursday, Vice Minister of Information Phan Quang said 1,014 would be released under the Tet amnesty.    He reported a total of 150 prisoners would remain in the camps, which he said once held 100,000.    ``Depending on their repentance, they will gradually be released within a short period of time,'' Quang said.    He said many of the former inmates would return to their families in Ho Chi Minh City, formerly the South Vietnamese capital of Saigon.    The amnesties apparently are part of efforts by Communist Party chief Nguyen Van Linh to heal internal divisions and improve Vietnam's image abroad.  
AP880212-0002	Iowa Caucus Results Shake Up New Hampshire Race NEW YORK (AP)      The ripples from the Iowa precinct caucuses are spreading to New Hampshire, boosting winners and damaging losers in the final days before the nation's first primary, polls indicate.    Vice President George Bush, who was slipping in New Hampshire even before his third-place Iowa finish, lost more ground in polls this week. Democratic third-place finisher Michael Dukakis also lost support, but not as much.    Iowa, meanwhile, has boosted the candidacies of Rep. Richard Gephardt of Missouri and Sen. Bob Dole of Kansas, the Democratic and Republican winners, and has aided Pat Robertson, Iowa's surprise second-place Republican finisher, the polls indicate.    As recently as two weeks ago, Bush commanded the New Hampshire GOP field. A CBS News-New York Times poll in the last week of January had him 22 percentage points over Dole, the same place he'd held in polls since November and earlier.    But a crack appeared last week, when an ABC News-Washington Post poll found Bush's lead sharply diminished, to 7 percentage points. After Iowa's vote Monday, ABC found the spread down to 4 percentage points: Bush, 33, Dole, 29.    In a poll with an error margin of 6 percentage points, that amounted to a dead heat. Another survey, done for The Boston Globe this week by pollster Gary Orren, had essentially he same result: Bush 29, Dole 27. CBS on Thursday had it as Bush 35, Dole 27 _ still a big drop for the vice president.    ``Dole got a very big kick out of Iowa; more than that, there is some reluctance in the support for Bush,'' Orren said Thursday. ``He's shown vulnerability, and that's sort of arousing doubts people have about him.''    ``The unanswered question is how far Bush will fall,'' Richard Morin, polling director for The Washington Post. ``The expectation is that he will continue to drop. That's been the clear direction.''    If voters were leaving Bush before Iowa, it was not clear where they were going, Morin said. This week the chief gainers turned out to be Dole and Robertson, whose support was up to 10 percent in the ABC and CBS polls, from 6 percent last week and 4 percent two weeks ago.    Rep. Jack Kemp of New York held steady at 13 percent in the ABC poll, and fell from 16 percent to 12 percent in the CBS poll. Analysts said he now may be challenged by Robertson for third place in New Hampshire.    ``Kemp was gaining last week. Iowa ended that,'' said Morin.    Iowa's effect on the Democratic race probably is in the battle for second place, not first, pollsters said. Massachusetts Gov. Dukakis, despite finishing third in Iowa, maintained a strong lead in New Hampshire _ but he no longer had the huge 49 percent support indicated in an NBC-Wall Street Journal poll in November.    Three polls indicated a drop in support for Dukakis, to 36 percent in the ABC-Post survey this week from 41 percent last week; to 35 percent in the Globe's survey, from 38 percent last week; and to 38 percent in the CBS poll, from 40 percent in late January.    A fourth new poll, however _ done for WBZ-TV in Boston, WRC-TV in Washington and the Boston Herald _ said Dukakis' support had risen from 36 percent at the end of January to 44 percent this week.    ``It's a big lead for Dukakis no matter whose poll you're looking at _ and a strong one, too,'' said Jeff Alderman, chief of polling for ABC News. He said 58 percent of Dukakis' backers told ABC they supported him strongly.    The win in Iowa transformed Gephardt, who had single-digit support in New Hampshire as recently as last month. The CBS poll had him at 19 percent, up from 7 percent in late January; ABC's poll put him this week at 22 percent, up from 13 percent last week. The Globe had him at 18 percent, up from 8, and the WBZ poll had him at 17, up from 8 last month.    Poll results were more mixed on Gephardt's chief rival, Sen. Paul Simon of Illinois, the second-place finisher in Iowa. He moved to 18 percent from 13 percent in ABC's poll, to 13 from 11 in WBZ's and fell in the Globe's, to 12 from 17. He held about even in the CBS poll, at 15 percent this week.    Movement is taking place at the bottom as well as the top of the pack. Former Sen. Gary Hart of Colorado, who had 11 percent in the WBZ and Globe polls last week, fell to single-digit support after winning just 1 percent in Iowa. Hart and former Arizona Gov. Bruce Babbitt, also a poor finisher in Iowa, went from 7 percent in ABC's New Hampshire poll last week to 4 percent this week.  
AP880212-0003	Parents Of Slain Man Drop Lawsuit Against Mexican Drug Lord FORT WORTH, Texas (AP)  